[docs] update image integration README (#5231)
withastro/astro: packages/integrations/image/README.md

## Installation

> The default image transformer is based on [Squoosh](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/squoosh) and uses WebAssembly libraries to support most deployment environments, including those that do not support sharp, such as StackBlitz and Netlify Edge.

Author: ```suggestion
Along with our integration, we recommending installing sharp where appropriate. The `@astrojs/image` default image transformer is based on [Squoosh](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/squoosh) and uses WebAssembly libraries to support most deployment environments, including those that do not support sharp, such as StackBlitz and Netlify Edge.
```

> The default image transformer is based on [Squoosh](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/squoosh) and uses web assembly libraries to support most deployment environments, including those that do not support sharp, such as StackBlitz and Netlify Edge.

Reviewer: It looks kind of bad, but I believe the canonical spelling of “WebAssembly” is pascal case.

Also wondering about leading with “including those that do not support sharp” — we haven’t mentioned sharp at all at this point, so might be confusing why we care that this thing we haven’t mention is or isn’t supported. Is being more generic for a second unhelpful?

```suggestion
The default image transformer is based on [Squoosh](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/squoosh) and uses WebAssembly libraries to support most deployment environments, including StackBlitz and Netlify Edge, which don’t support all image libraries.
```

Reviewer: Or, given we move straight into discussion of sharp, flip things, so in the next section we say where sharp won’t work and here keep it to:

```suggestion
The default image transformer is based on [Squoosh](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/squoosh) and uses WebAssembly libraries to support most deployment environments.
```

> The default image transformer is based on [Squoosh](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/squoosh) and uses web assembly libraries to support most deployment environments, including those that do not support sharp, such as StackBlitz and Netlify Edge.

Author: ```suggestion
The default image transformer is based on [Squoosh](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/squoosh) and uses WebAssembly libraries to support most deployment environments, including those that do not support sharp, such as StackBlitz and Netlify Edge.
```

> For faster builds and more fine-grained control of image transformations, we recommend also installing [sharp](https://sharp.pixelplumbing.com/) if

Author: ```suggestion
For faster builds and more fine-grained control of image transformations, install sharp if
```

- You are building a static site with Astro.
- You are using an SSR deployment host that supports NodeJS using `@astrojs/netlify/functions`, `@astrojs/vercel/serverless` or `@astrojs/node`.

> 

Reviewer: Is two “You are” and one “You are not” confusing or could this work?

```suggestion
- You are not using an environment that does not support sharp, such as StackBlitz or Netlify Edge.

```

## Installation

> Along with our integration, we recommending installing [sharp](https://sharp.pixelplumbing.com/) when appropriate. 

Reviewer: Nice! Love the revision.

Just a small typo here:

```suggestion
Along with our integration, we recommend installing [sharp](https://sharp.pixelplumbing.com/) when appropriate. 
```

Author: Thanks for the help!  💜

> Along with our integration, we recommending installing [sharp](https://sharp.pixelplumbing.com/) where appropriate. 

Author: ```suggestion
Along with our integration, we recommending installing [sharp](https://sharp.pixelplumbing.com/) when appropriate. 
```

> The `@astrojs/image` default image transformer is based on [Squoosh](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/squoosh) and uses WebAssembly libraries to support most deployment environments, including those that do not support sharp, such as StackBlitz and Netlify Edge.

Reviewer 2: I *think* Netlify Edge runs on deno so the integration won't work there, it still depends on Node even without sharp

> For faster builds and more fine-grained control of image transformations, install sharp if

Author: ```suggestion
For faster builds and more fine-grained control of image transformations, install sharp in addition to `@astrojs/image` if
```

- You are building a static site with Astro.
- You are using an SSR deployment host that supports NodeJS using `@astrojs/netlify/functions`, `@astrojs/vercel/serverless` or `@astrojs/node`.

> Note that `@astrojs/image` is not currently supported on
> - Cloudflare SSR
> - @astrojs/deno
> - @astrojs/vercel/edge

Author: ```suggestion
Note that `@astrojs/image` is not currently supported on
- Cloudflare SSR
- `@astrojs/deno`
- `@astrojs/netlify/edge-functions`
- `@astrojs/vercel/edge`
```

> 

Reviewer 2: `@astrojs/netlify/edge-functions` probably belongs here as well since it runs on deno

## Installation

Along with our integration, we recommend installing [sharp](https://sharp.pixelplumbing.com/) when appropriate. 

> The `@astrojs/image` default image transformer is based on [Squoosh](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/squoosh) and uses WebAssembly libraries to support most deployment environments, including those that do not support sharp, such as StackBlitz and Netlify Edge.

Author: ```suggestion
The `@astrojs/image` default image transformer is based on [Squoosh](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/squoosh) and uses WebAssembly libraries to support most deployment environments, including those that do not support sharp, such as StackBlitz.
```
